Description of sealing messages (#465)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/storage-providers/get-started/tasks/index.md

![Overview of the lotus-miner tasks](lotus-miner-tasks.png) 

## Sealing tasks

> Before a sector can be commited to network, the storage provider *must* seal the sector, meaning it needs to encode the data in the sector to prepare it for the proving tasks. Sealing a sector is a multi-step process and is time-intensive to create, because the encrypted version of each chunk of data depends on every other chunk of input data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before a sector can be committed to the network, the storage provider *must* seal the sector, meaning the data needs to be encoded in the sector to prepare it for the proving tasks. Sealing a sector is a multi-step process and is time-intensive to create because the encrypted version of each chunk of data depends on every other chunk of input data.
```

Storage providers who fail to do this in the necessary window will forfeit their opportunity to mine a block.

## Messages

During the sealing phase the storage provider sends a couple of messages to the Filecoin network:

![Overview of sealing messages](sealing-messages.png) 

### PreCommitSector

> Through the `PreCommitSector` message a storage provider is putting up a deposit for a given sectors sealed data, often referred to as the SealedCID, or commitment to replica (commR). After the message is included on-chain, the sector is registered to the storage provider and the sector enters the WaitSeed state, which is a security wait requirement by the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through the `PreCommitSector` message a storage provider submits a deposit for a given sector's sealed data, often referred to as the SealedCID, or commitment to replica (commR). After the message is included on-chain, the sector is registered to the storage provider and the sector enters the WaitSeed state, which is a security wait requirement by the network.
```
